[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gentlemen, may I bid
you all welcome here,
and say one word before
I start speaking.
Eh, I am starting speaking.
And that is the translation
button number two is French
and number three is English.
You may wonder why I have
asked you to come here.
I have in mind a completely
frank and open exchange
of views.
And this is insured
to you, and it
is essential for our success.
There is no verbatim
quotation of anybody.
And there's no press.
So you are quite free to let
yourselves go, if I may say so.
>> My name is Daniel Estulin.
I'm an investigative journalist.
I spent 12 years
beginning in the mid 1990s
until about the
year 2002, 2003 in
military counterintelligence.
Then I got burnt out.
Normal, it's what basically
happens to all of us.
We all burnt out.
I realized that I had
a lot of information
that I had accumulated
over the years.
And I thought that would
be a good way of getting
some of this information out.
And one of the
subjects that I thought
would be of interest to
the general population
would be this very
secretive, not secret,
but secretive organization
calling themselves
the Bilderberg Group.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Even before I joined
the service in 1992,
I'm in Toronto in a
Spanish restaurant
called Segovia with a friend
of mine who was in the service,
in the KGB.
And over steak and
potato lunch, this man,
let's just call him Vladimir.
And according to
him, Canada was going
to be split up into
English and French
speaking Canada through
a referendum which
was going to be put together
from behind the scenes
by these allegedly
very powerful people.
Now the reason he said that
this was going to happen
is that the powerful people
who ran the United States
needed to balance their budget.
1995 comes around, that's
three years into the future.
And suddenly, all these
characters, all these people,
all these politicians
that I've never heard of
begin to appear front and center
in front of television screens.
And all the things
that this man told me
about three years earlier in
1995 were front and center.
And then I suddenly realized
that if the presidents
and the prime ministers
were powerless
about the body politic itself,
about moving the events forward
into a certain
direction, if they were
just bit actors playing their
part, then my question is,
who the hell runs the world?
Imagine a private club where
presidents, prime ministers,
international bankers, and
generals rub shoulders.
And where the people running
the wars, the markets,
and governments say what
they never say in public.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Well, the real reason for
the interference of the CIA with
Bilderberg was
actually the Cold War.
It was coming up at the time.
And they tried to use
all the institutes
they could get to well, to steer
the public opinion in Europe,
and actually also in the
rest of the world where
they had influence.
And Bilderberg was one of them.
And that was the
reason that they
financed Bilderberg the
first meeting, not totally,
but for a great part anyway.
>> What today is called the
Bilderberg Group you could take
it way, way, way back to
about the period just after
the Fourth Crusade, 1200, 1204.
And what's today is called the
Bilderberg Group or Bilderberg
Society, back then
already existed
and it was called the
Venetian Black Nobility.
>> Yeah, they're absolutely
a continuation of Venice.
Because basically
you had a migration
of the Venetian system of
oligarchical power over Europe
into the low countries, in
fact, into the Netherlands where
Bilderberg was really founded.
And that's an
absolute continuity
of the Venetian system of power.
And in fact, if you do some
tracing of some of the family
lineages, you'll find
in many instances,
the [INAUDIBLE] family for
example, migrated from Venice
into northern Europe
and still remain
a mainstay of the Bilderberg
oligarchical structures.
You have a Bilderberg meeting
taking place once a year
beginning in 1954.
The first meeting took place
at the Bilderberg hotel
in the Netherlands.
And the host of that
conference was Prince Bernhard,
the Dutch royal consort,
who was a card carrying
member of the Nazi apparatus
during the Second World War
period.
>> The people who actually
come to Bilderberg meetings,
they're the people who can
move forward the agenda
of the societies.
So you have president of
International Monetary
Fund, president of the World
Bank, president of the European
Central Bank, of the
Federal Reserve Board.
You have key presidents
and prime ministers
and all these individuals
on the political level,
also on empresarial level,
and also in the media.
And they all work together
with people in the military.
They all work together
with representatives
of the banking cartels.
And again, if you're
a corporation,
you don't need to control
every person in the company.
You just need to
control one person who
controls the policy of
the entire corporation.
You can say the same
thing about countries.
You don't need to control
the entire country.
You just need to control
enough key decision makers,
be it president, be
it prime minister,
be it key senators
and congressmen,
people in the Federal Reserve,
people in European Central
Bank, and people in the
European Commission.
You control them, and through
them you control the rest.
>> Every year, Bilderberg
has a gathering.
They'll bring together one
to 200 people, many of whom
make up the core of
the transatlantic
financial and
political oligarchy.
And they'll bring
together a core group
of powerful individuals,
government people, the media,
finance, and prospective
young recruits, people
in the political realm
who are up and coming
and who are going to be
seduced and controlled
by these oligarchical interests.
And very often,
these meetings serve
as a kind of a testing
ground for whether or not
certain people will be advanced
in their political careers,
including a number of
individuals who've been elected
President of the
United States have
been put through this kind of
Bilderberg finishing school
process.
>> The Bilderberg Conference
comprises about 130
of the world's or Western
world's top decision makers
from the banks and multinational
companies, the EU commission.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm coming to the politicians.
Also from WTO, IMF, World Bank.
And of course, leading
politicians from the US,
Canada, eurozone, and the UK.
And I think though
they were clearly
discussing some of the
biggest issues confronting
the Western economies
at this time,
why have we had no statement
either from the Prime Minister
or from the
Chancellor, or indeed
from the Minister without
portfolio, all of whom
attended in an
official capacity.
Why did they offer no statement,
even though such decisions may
well have a significant
effect on UK government policy
or the livelihood of
future UK citizens.
>> In May 1973, Bilderberg
Group met at an exclusive resort
at Saltsjobaden, Sweden.
The key point on the
Bilderberg meeting agenda
was the oil shock of 1973,
the 400% targeted increase
in the price of OPEC
oil in the near future.
>> The oil shock,
the hoax, it was,
in fact the hoax of 1973
continuing into the late 1970s,
and the whole point of the oil
shock was to create a nominal
flow of money into the hands
of the Saudis and other Persian
Gulf wealthy nations.
The oil hoax ultimately
created an enormous volume
of wealth transfer nominally
into the OPEC countries,
the so-called petrodollars.
But all of that money went
right to London and Wall Street
to be managed.
So the financial oligarchy
and its major centers
used the oil hoax to establish
an absolute domination
over world credit to make
sure that it no longer went
for any development.
>> You have the
charisma of a damp rag,
and the appearance of
a low grade bank clerk.
And the question
that I went to ask--
[BOOING]
>> --the question that I want to
ask, that we're all gonna ask,
is who are you?
I'd never heard of you.
Nobody in Europe had
ever heard of you.
I would like to ask you,
President, who voted for you?
And what mechanism--
oh, I know democracy
is not popular with you lot.
And what mechanism--
>> Mr. President.
>> --do the peoples of
Europe have to remove you?
>> Mr. President.
>> Is this European democracy?
Well, I've tried very
hard not to believe
in conspiracy theories.
But I've been here
now for over 15 years.
And I can see there is a move
towards supranationalism.
Just look at the
IMF in Washington.
Supposed to be independent.
Effectively, it's
become a branch office
of the European Commission.
And I've got to
know over the years
the Van Rompuys, the Schulzs,
you know, the Barrosos, even
the Junkers, the Timmermans.
And it's completely
clear, they actually
want to destroy the
nation state as a unit.
A few years ago, the
Greek Prime Minister
said I'll give you a referendum.
He was removed and replaced by
a former Goldman Sachs director.
And whenever the
project goes wrong,
whether it's the euro has
a crisis or the asylum
crisis with the borders,
every single time
there is, for these
guys, an opportunity.
It's known as the
beneficial crisis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The very word "secrecy" is
repugnant in a free and open
society.
And we are, as a
people, inherently
and historically opposed
to secret societies,
to secret oaths, and
to secret proceedings.
We decided long ago
that the dangers
of excessive and unwarranted
concealment of pertinent facts
far outweighed the dangers
which are cited to justify it.
The facts they deserve to know.
For we are opposed
around the world
by a monolithic and
ruthless conspiracy that
relies primarily on
covet means for expanding
its sphere of influence,
on infiltration instead
of invasion, on subversion
instead of elections,
on intimidation
instead of free choice,
on guerrillas by night
instead of armies by day.
It is a system which
has conscripted
vast human and
material resources
into the building
of a tightly knit,
highly efficient machine that
combines military, diplomatic,
intelligence,
economic, scientific,
and political operations.
Its preparations are
concealed, not published.
Its mistakes are
buried, not headlined.
Its dissenters are
silenced, not praised.
No expenditure is questioned,
no rumor is printed,
no secret is revealed.
[GUNSHOT]
>> As in a television
soap opera,
there are actually secret
spin-off organizations similar
to the Bilderberg Group who play
a vital role in the new world
order scheme to use wealth
concentrated in the hands
of the few to exert
world control.
>> In 1968, George Ball
and the Bilderbergers met
and determined that they had
to restructure the entire world
along the lines
of a corporation.
They decided that the idea of
the nation state was outmoded.
It was archaic.
It was standing in their way.
And that therefore,
they wanted to have
what they called a
world company based
upon the idea of a
corporate identity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (SINGING) Don't just
talk about it, be about it.
Hungry for the money as
soon as I see a dollar.
Money green in my collar,
I'm fresh like that.
Yeah, I write the checks,
but the checks write back.
Straight to the account,
your honey wanna holla.
Only thing that separate me
from my money is a comma.
Big bills, big papers,
it gets real, big haters.
What it be.
Understand how I said it made.
>> Well, what this is actually
is part of what's called
globalization.
You had in the '60s
and then continuing,
and expanding form in the '70s
and '80s a rash of mergers.
Which corporations merged,
agriculture corporations
merged, the financial
institutions merged.
And you had a general
takeover of the world economy
by these huge mega firms.
The corporate banking
mergers tended
to control the corporate
industrial mergers
and the agricultural mergers.
So you had basically a
world run by this financial,
these massive
financial institutions.
>> The concept is one
world company limited.
Corporations that have a
hell of a lot more power
than any government
on the planet.
And you're seeing it right now
that governments don't govern.
Presidents don't
do anything other
than do what people who put
them in power tell them to do.
And so the idea is that
all of these corporations,
the Goldman Sachs of this
world, JP Morgans, etc,
they are the key people
in all key institutions
around the world.
And it's through them that
the power base is exercised.
So again, it's not
one world government.
It's one world company
limited corporations
with a lot more power than
any government on the planet.
And in fact this was
discussed in the Bilderberg
Conference in 1968 where
George Ball, Undersecretary
for Economic Affairs
with JFK and Johnson
he said, and I quote,
loosely quote, how can we
create corporations that
can actually give orders
to governments?
And this is what you have today.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It is about the
building of an empire.
And the paradox of this project,
of this supranational European
project, is the least
popular it becomes
with the people, the bigger
mess it creates, the more
power they get at the center.
Well, with the Lisbon
Treaty, European nations
have lost almost their
entire sovereignty
And we are now back to a
pre-nation state condition,
meaning feudalism.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You know, we're living on a
very small planet with limited
natural resources and an
ever-growing population base.
If you extrapolate that into the
near future, in one generation
we're going to go to
about 10 million people.
Then we're going to
go to 14, 18, 21.
It's going to get
to the point, we're
always going to
have enough space,
because seven billion people
space-wise is not a lot.
But we are running out of food.
And we are running out of water.
And we're running out
of natural resources.
So for the elitists, for the
Rockefellers of this world
to survive-- and
I say Rockefeller
not because he's important,
but because he is well-known.
He is popular, which is not
the same as being important.
For the Rockefellers of this
world to survive, most of us
have to die.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> With an absolutely willful
act on the part of precisely
this Bilderberg apparatus.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's not really the
idea of capitalism.
Because in the end, what
these people have or are,
they already control
90% of the planet.
Every aspect of society,
everything you eat,
everything you look at,
everything you touch,
mostly is in the private hands
of these billionaires today.
But the idea is again,
you know, the whole idea
of de-industrializing the
world, it's a gradual process.
You could do it, you
know, via armed conflict,
but it's costly, and
it's also dangerous.
Because you can take
everything off the chess board,
them and you at the same time.
But the point is, if
you can do it gradually,
started dismantling, you
know, the different service
industries, in different
sectors of society,
before long you have a Detroit.
And before long
you have a Greece.
And before long you
have Spain, which
is 70% population or
unemployment for kids under 30.
And this is reality.
This is how it's done.
It's a gradual process of
de-industrialization, demand
destruction, and zero growth.
And if you talk
about zero growth,
the whole concept itself
came out of the 1972 study
put together by
the Club of Rome.
>> Role of the Club of Rome
back in the 1970s was to try
to popularize the big lie
that man could not continue
to develop because resources
were supposedly limited.
And they used a ridiculous
modernized version
of the old argument of
Malthus and Aristotle
to simply state that based
on mathematical equations,
we would exhaust the resources.
>> Fast forward 40 years,
and look what we have today.
We have a Detroit.
In another 40 years
into the future
we have the entire world, which
is going to look like Detroit.
And Detroit is going
to look like paradise.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I know a hidden place up in
the mountain in a faraway land.
I will share a room
with sheep and monkeys.
Yes, they take
milk in their tea.
But she don't believe me.
But she doesn't see
the point of it all.
>> Well yes, there
was another reason.
And that is that the
bailout was a scam, a fraud.
It was under the guise of saving
banking institutions, which
they saved temporarily.
They were effectively taking
unpayable debt, huge quantities
of unpayable debt,
and transferring it
from private corporations
to governments.
This didn't make the
debt any more payable.
They basically absorbed
huge quantities
of worthless paper,
speculative, derivative paper,
which could not be paid off
in any period of time anyway.
i.e., the governments
became bankrupt.
Now you see this in Europe
over the last years.
Where each country
is being forced
to do the same thing
that was done in the US,
take on the massive
debts of these banks.
And effectively,
leaving them bankrupt.
What you have is the growth
of corporate dictatorships
under the banking
institutions that
run the governments--
corporate fascism.
And in fact, you see
the world increasingly
coming under the control of
corporate fascist governments
under the control of the
banking institutions.
>> You know, if you kind of
go back in history 6,000 years
or so, and you look at who
controlled society 6,000 years
ago in ancient Egypt,
this weren't the pharaohs.
The high priests basically gave
us knowledge one little droplet
at a time.
Just enough knowledge for
us to survive and get by,
as we do today.
Just enough for us to
get by day to day to day
to day with what meager
salaries we earn.
Now so on the one
hand, what you had back
then you had the
high priest giving us
these droplets of knowledge.
But on the other hand,
in the last 6,000 years,
especially now, with
technological revolution,
with information revolution
and information technology,
people have computers and
have access to internet.
And suddenly, all
this information,
which for thousands
of years which
was only available to
secret societies and very
private organizations who
passed it on from generation
to generation in very small,
you know, tightly knit groups
behind the scenes, you know,
underground grandfather
to father, father to son,
son to grandson, grandson
to great grandson, etc.
Today, 99% of that information
is available through Google.
And anybody sitting in the
middle of an Amazon rain forest
with a computer, a laptop,
an internet connection almost
has the same access to
the information which
the secret societies have
tried to protect or hide
from us for thousands of years.
So the dilemma for
them is what do we do?
Because we must
have the upper hand.
So on the one hand, what
you're seeing right now
is they're destroying the
world's economy on purpose.
Because again, progress
and development
is directly proportional
to population density.
So if you have
technology, you have more.
If you don't have technology,
if you can destroy technology
on purpose, if you go to zero
growth, de-industrialization,
demand destruction,
there is going
to get to a point in the
development of society
where you're not going
to have enough technology
to support this rapid
population growth
and the base of population
is going to collapse.
>> Well, the primary goal
is to defend the status
of a uni-polar world, even
if that means to prepare
a preemptive global
first strike.
The oligarchy want to
defend their privilege
to be a superior species.
And they want to keep the
rest of the population
deliberately
backward and stupid.
And that is why they promote
such banal entertainment, which
is only aimed that
people stop to think.
>> In the councils
of government,
we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted
influence, whether sought
or unsought by the military
industrial complex.
The potential for the disastrous
rise of misplaced power
exists, and will persist.
We must never let the
weight of this combination
endanger our liberties
or democratic processes.
We should take
nothing for granted.
Only an alert and
knowledgeable citizenry
can compel the proper meshing
of the huge industrial and
military machinery of defense
with our peaceful methods
and goals, so that security and
liberty may prosper together.
>> Look at Google,
Apple, Microsoft, IBM.
These Bilderberg
affiliated megacorporations
form an integral part of
the United States security
apparatus.
Behind these technologies,
enormous streams of capital
are being expended,
and more importantly
invested behind the scenes.
>> Now we're at a point
where that entire system is
at a breaking point where
it's hopelessly bankrupt.
The debt is impossible to pay.
The derivatives, which
are purely speculative,
unregulated, gambling
bets on top of the debt
bubble itself is
estimated at one
and a half quadrillion dollars.
Which is a multiplier of
even the most optimistic idea
of global GDP that's
completely off the charts.
So this entire system is doomed.
And we're quite
frankly at a point
now where it would be no
surprise if on any given day
you woke up and found out
that the entire transatlantic
financial system
had just evaporated.
>> A lot of people think that
the British Empire no longer
exists.
But this is an illusion.
Just ask yourself,
why is it that
after the big financial
crash of 2007,
2008 there was
absolutely nothing
done by the G20 or anybody
else to re-regulate the banking
system?
And they kept
quantitative easing.
They kept zero
interest rate policy,
which is really expropriating
the majority of the population.
And now, we are in front of an
even bigger crash than 2008.
And there are no so
called tools anymore
to do anything about it.
So the reason is that
the oligarchy controls
what is called globalization.
And globalization is really only
another word, another notion
for the British Empire.
It is the combination of
central banks, investment banks,
hedge funds, private
equity funds, insurance,
and reinsurance
firms who control
what is generally called
the global financial system.
And in reality, the EU is only
the continental sub-entity
of that Empire.
>> Well, the British Empire
knows that in the long run it
cannot survive in a world
which is based on science
and technology and development.
And therefore, their policy is
to stop that kind of technology
and develop.
That's why they
target nation states.
That's why, for
instance, that they
are adamant against the BRICS
and the emergence of the BRICS.
Which is nations which
have the strength
and the power and
the commitment,
and the mission to
building nations
through science and technology.
That has to be
stopped in their view.
Therefore, their
target is the idea
of the nation state itself.
Destroy nation states in
order to preserve and maintain
the power of the Empire.
>> There is absolutely a
plan to depopulate the world.
And you simply have to listen to
or read the writings of people
like Prince Philip
of Great Britain who
has stated explicitly
that we should reduce
the population of the world
from seven billion people down
to one billion.
He has stated very
charmingly that he
would like to be
reincarnated as a virus
to try to reduce the
world's population.
>> If you kind of
play with the numbers,
you realize that I've had almost
seven million people have read
my book.
Maybe another 20,
30 million people
are aware of what Bilderberg is.
But my question is, how
many millions of people
watch the Oscars?
How many millions of people
watch the Super Bowl?
How many hundreds of millions
of people watch, you know,
the finale of the Big Brother?
So the point is that when
you play with the numbers,
you realize it's easy to
sway people's attentions.
And also, because of
everything we've been taught
and how we've been taught
to behave as people, media,
which forms part
of this conspiracy,
they've been able to
convince the people
that unless something is on
the cover of The New York
Times, the Washington Post,
Le Monde, The Economist, Wall
Street Journal,
it doesn't exist.
Which is why so many
times people say
to me, if what you say is
true and it is shocking,
why is it not on the cover
of "The New York Times?"
Because again, "The New York
Times" of this world, they
form part of the
Bilderberg organization.
They form part of all
these other societies.
They're part of the elite.
Their job is not
to tell the truth,
but to sell a particular
vision of reality,
which the elitists need to
move their agenda forward.
>> We're in a lot of trouble.
Because you people and 62
million other Americans
are listening to me right now.
Because less than 3% of
you people read books.
Because less than 15%
of you read newspapers.
Because the only truth you know
is what you get over this tube.
Right now, there is a
whole and entire generation
that never knew anything that
didn't come out of this tube.
This tube is the gospel,
the ultimate revelation.
This tube can make or
break presidents, popes,
prime ministers.
This tube is the most
awesome god damned force
in the whole godless world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[EXPLOSION]
>> And cut, good.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Media is often altered
to convince the public that
something is happening
that is not happening.
There was a movie
once made called
"Wag the Dog" about
a president who
was involved in a scandal much
like Bill Clinton with Monica
Lewinsky.
And the way to get out of
the scandal, the White House
concocts a war
against the Albania.
During George W.
Bush administration,
there was a quote from
Karl Rove, who was
Bush's major political adviser.
Rove said that the White House
can create its own reality.
And if they don't
like the reality
they have created, in 30
minutes they can change it.
Because the White House has
total influence over the way
the media reports the news.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Mr. Speaker, this is
a first occasion for me,
as I've never previously
answered a question
in the House of Commons
on behalf of a private
organization for which
the government has no
responsibility.
>> [LAUGHTER]
>> The Bilderberg Organization
exists for the purpose
of holding meetings once a
year in various countries.
It exists for no other purpose.
And this year, the meeting
was held at a large hotel
near Watford in Hertfordshire.
I didn't receive adequate
notice of this question
as it happens,
because I wasn't found
in time, to put to hand the
list of those who participated
and the agenda
which we discussed,
but we always circulate
those before the meeting.
And they're readily available.
And I can certainly put any
honorable member in touch
with a source of the list
of those who took part.
Each year we invite
something over 100 people.
It was about 140 this year.
Drawn from both sides
of the Atlantic,
from Europe, including Turkey,
and from the United States
and Canada.
The people who attend
are drawn from the worlds
of government, politics,
academia, defense, journalism.
>> That's false.
>> We all attend--
the people who attend
change slightly each year.
There's a core of those
who regularly attend.
Different people come.
Well, I'm trying to guess
at what on Earth people
are asking a parliamentary
question about it for
and what they're interested in.
>> Well, some chosen journalists
are admitted to the Bilderberg
Conference.
But they are not allowed to
write about it, what they hear
or what they say.
And it's actually
completely forbidden.
And they don't swear
an oath, but they just
promise that they
are not allowed to.
And that's why actually you
never see in the papers,
even in the big newspapers, good
articles about the Bilderberg
meetings and what
is happening there.
Because journalists who
are allowed to enter,
they are forbidden
to write about it.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SINGING] I'm gonna make
it all the way, do my best,
do my best.
I'm gonna make it all the
way, do my best, do my best.
I'm gonna smile the whole
You can come and hold my hand,
we'll be the best of us, oh,
the best.
>> Security was tight today at
the Grove Hotel in this leafy
area north of London.
140 members of the
global elite arrived here
for a top secret, hush, hush,
off-the-record conference
in the English countryside.
How's this for a guest list?
The head of the
International Monetary Fund,
former Treasury
Secretary Tim Geitner,
the heads of Amazon.com, Google,
and BP Oil, former general
and CIA director David Petraeus.
And what's a top secret
cabal of puppet masters
without Henry Kissinger?
All of them came here today
for the Bilderberg Conference.
That's Bilderberg,
not Build-a-Bear.
Participants are tight
lipped about discussions
other than to say topics will
range from the economy to jobs
to US foreign policy.
What the organizers
call "megatrends
and the major issues
facing the world."
Reporters and outsiders
are not allowed in,
and everything is
off the record.
Organizers say that's so
participants "can take time
to listen, reflect,
and gather insight."
>> I got in early October
from someone in the Austrian
Ministry of the Interior
an official document,
which was handed out to all
the personnel in the Ministry
of Interior, as well the
special forces and the police
departments, basically canceling
holidays for the first two
weeks of June as a result of the
Bilderberg Conference which is
being held right now in a
hotel half an hour from here.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Well, you know, we're in
a hotel in Innsbruck about 35
kilometers from the hotel where
the Bilderberg Conference is
actually taking place.
Just getting the
information from my sources
inside the Bilderberg Group
on the key points which are
being discussed as we speak.
Daniel, I'm pasting for you
some of the key discussion
points which will be taken
up on this year's meeting.
As you know, the world
is in dire shape,
and the financial system
can blow out at any moment.
There are a lot of very
worried, or should I
say freaked out people who
will be attending this year's
conference.
Their only saving grace
is that most of the planet
is completely oblivious to
what is going on around them.
Good luck to you.
And as always, put this
information to good use.
Instead of going to the hotel--
and you can't get anywhere
near the hotel.
There's a five kilometer
security perimeter.
And actually from
what we're hearing,
it's actually gone over to
almost eight kilometers.
So you know, when you're
eight kilometers away,
you can't get anywhere
near the hotel.
And so as I get the
information anyway,
because my sources are
inside the conference.
From what we're seeing,
it's absolutely impossible
to get anywhere near the hotel.
And I hope somebody does,
but I don't think so.
[POLKA MUSIC PLAYING]
And there's some very,
very heavy points.
Artificial intelligence,
that's the future of humanity,
trans-humanism.
The change from humanity
to trans-humanity
to post humanity.
Cybersecurity, that's
one of the key issues,
which the Bilderberg
has been talking
about for a very long time.
And that has to do with
controlling the internet.
Obviously, chemical
weapons threats.
Current economic issues,
which is the world
is going to hell
in a handbasket.
This is the information
which he sent me.
And I'm just downloading,
you know, all the stuff
on the subject of America.
And in the first two
pages of this extract,
seven page extract, I'm seeing
this like the fifth time seeing
"perpetual war,"
"multi-generational threat."
Now give me a second to
see what else is there.
Now one of the things
about perpetual wars,
perpetual wars require
perpetual funding.
Non-ending war,
not ending funding.
Which means that you
throw as much money
as you want into a particular
situation, which is this.
You know, war on terror.
How long?
We don't know, forever.
How much money?
As much as you need.
So the idea is
again, you control
both sides of the equation.
You control the
left and the right.
You control the dialogue
through the media.
And then you push the
idea of perpetual war.
[SHOUTING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[SIRENS IN THE DISTANCE]
>> [SPEAKING FRENCH]
>> Immediately after the
terrorist attack against
Charlie Hebdo at the
beginning of this year,
the former US Senator Bob Graham
said that if the famous 28
pages of the original September
11 Report would have been
published, this attack
would not have happened.
Now what this means is that
the original September 11
Commission of the Congress
published a report,
and 28 pages are classified
to the present day.
But we more or less
know what's in it.
It pertains to the role of
Saudi Arabia financing terrorism
and Wahhabi Salafist
attacks around the world.
Now this has another dimension.
And that is that
the Anglo-Americans
have instrumentalized radical
Islam since Brzezinski in 1975.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Humanity has almost destroyed
itself a number of times.
Immediately before
the golden Renaissance
there was the new Dark Age.
There was the Black
Death, where about half
of the population of
Europe was destroyed
not only by a disease,
the bubonic plague,
but destroyed by the fact that
men were convinced that they
could not solve the problem.
But fortunately, there
was a new paradigm then.
There was a Renaissance.
It was the golden Renaissance
of Leonard da Vinci in Italy,
of Miguel de Cervantes in
Spain, of Shakespeare in London.
Which developed
the concept of man
a new paradigm in which
we organized our business
as human beings based on the
concept of man's morality,
creativity, and free will.
We cannot have a situation
where, as in Greece,
60% of the youth have no jobs.
That is killing the
future of society.
Or Spain, where it
is almost at 60%.
That is killing
the future if youth
don't have a mission and
a purpose to fulfill.
>> Almost halfway through
the second decade of the 21st
century, I ask myself
something over and over again,
making an attempt to understand
what is happening to us.
Where are we going as nations?
As a world?
What will happen to us
if the Bilderberg Group
and their cohorts finally win?
What is the destiny
of the human race?
What does it mean to be mortal?
>> That's a very
interesting question.
Because there are two ways
of talking about immortality.
We all die.
No one so far has
discovered a method
by which we can live eternally
in our biological form.
So therefore, the meaning of the
human mind and the human body
may not be quite the same thing.
For example, people
like Einstein,
for example, who over a century
ago defined matter, antimatter,
progress, which we're
now going into today.
So some people are immortal
because of the consequences
of their having existed.
And the best we can do
as human beings, which
no other animal
can do, is we can
continue to be immortal
our participation
in the development of
humanity and the development
of our solar system.
So immortality means one thing.
It means either the consequences
of your having lived,
the benefits for mankind
one way or the other, as a poet
or as a scientist or whatever,
you've contributed something
to the wealth of humanity.
And you are, in that
sense, immortal.
Or you can be a poor
slug who doesn't think,
who has no consequence,
no reason to exist,
who just lives and dies.
And that's the choice.
>> I have had certain attempts
on the part of the Bilderberg
Group back about 10 years back
where I was actually offered
money to cease and
desist, go away.
And I describe it
in one of my books.
And as I sat there watching
this man write a check,
I said to myself and I said
to him, help me out please.
How many zeros is
one's freedom worth?
He stopped, paused, looked
at me, gave me the check,
which I have, you know,
check, as a momento.
And he said, Mr. Estulin,
you have a nice day.
So the point is, that even
if they do kill me once,
I think I've done my bit
on this planet Earth.
And I've reached a certain
level of immortality.
And I've done my part
to pass off the baton
to the future generations.
And it's their job to
pick it up and go with it.
Because again, humanity is one.
And we have to do
everything in our power
to make sure that we,
as society, achieve
this immortality.
And for me,
immortality is assuring
the survival of the
species, all of the species.
And for us to happen,
for this to happen,
we've got to make sure that
higher ideals, you know,
on the general level of things,
take precedence over money,
and even ones' personal safety.
>> Yes, we can win this war.
But the first step necessary
for actually winning
is to know what the war is.
The war is not against
merely financial interests
or military powers
or even groups
as powerful as the
Bilderberger Group.
It is a war against
what has been called
powers and principalities.
It's a war against a concept
of man which is evil.
It's the concept of man that we
are nothing other than animals.
It is an idea which says
that human beings do not
have the capability
of a creative spark.
That we do not, in
fact, have free will.
That we, therefore, cannot
act morally or immorally.
We just simply do
whatever our desires say.
And it is that concept of man
which finds expressions today
in things like the
Bilderberg Group
and in the global
financial system, which
is based on speculation,
usury, and the destruction
of populations.
>> We are on the crossroads.
And the roads we take
now will determine
whether we will live in the
21st century as nation state
republics, or
subjugated, culled,
and dehumanized crop of slaves.
We are fighting
a combined effort
of some of the most
brilliant people in history
who scheme against us for the
purposes of possessing us.
But the human will is immortal.
Tyrants have killed
millions, and yet people
fought and eventually
won their freedom.
Freedom stirs the human
heart, and fear stills it.
Amidst the deafening
the cacophony
of patriotic silence, in certain
voices command attention.
Immortality has its moral basis
in truth and incorruptibility.
It deserves to be given all
the support that it can get.
It deserves to be
fought and died for.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SCAT] I sing.
[SCAT] It's my song.
[SCAT] The more I
sing the less I lose.
I look for the difference, but
at the end it's all the same,
it's all the same.
I look for a new light, but at
the end you are my only star.
I looked for a new step, but at
the end you are the only way.
I look for a new mission,
but at the end of my eyes.
[SCAT] I sing.
[SCAT] It's my song.
[SCAT] The more I
sing the less I know.
Walking in the morning
light, walking all alone,
walking in the evening light,
walking with my only son.
[WHISTLING]
[SCAT] I sing.
[SCAT] It's my song.
[SCAT] The more I
sing, the less I lose.
[SCAT] I sing.
[SCAT] It's my song.
[SCAT]